Hello, I am Nicola and this is my website/blog (and hopefully it will be yours too): here we will mainly be talking about computer science related themes.  
My first intention was to create a small corner of the internet where I could write down the techincal stuff I study and practice everyday. The main purpose of this was actually pretty selfish: I work better when I write things down, doing so allows me to fix the concepts and spot the flaws in my reasonings. The second motif was the willing to share my thougts, my failures and my success with other people that find themeselves facing similar problems. I strongly believe (and probably it is somwhow proven?) that sharing our experiences can allow us to improve at a much faster pace, and so I want to share (so maybe also this second part is selfish).  
But I did not want this space to be the usual tech blog with a tutorial on how to create a basic react app oudated after a few months, I wanted something living I wanted also for the readers to share their experience.  
The first I came up with was just to add a comment section, but it did not catch the "spirit" of cooperation I was looking for. So I came up with another idea, the posts will be a public git repository, where anyone will be able to propose adjustments and additions via pull requests (and new posts too if someone is willing). I never saw anything like this, maybe because I am actually asking other people to spend their time on something it is not theirs, but I hope that there are people who share this vision and will see the value in this work of sharing.  
Probably this will be the only post where I will not accept any contribution, this is my letter of intent and I would like for it to stay here as it as a reminder and my legacy.  